Hi again.
Now we move on to the final step in this series, the final series in this master class, which is how
to answer some of the most difficult creative questions.
But in order to do that, let's understand three different methods that are used effectively in sales
and to craft your responses.
The first one we're going to talk about in this video is called The Fuji Method, and it's called Fuji
because it's got four different ways in it.
Different influencers, different decision makers are influenced in one of four different ways.
F stands for fear of loss, u stands for urgency.
J stands for Jones Effect, and I stands for Indifference.
Now it's.
It's valuable information to you if you can find out what influences your interviewer.
Is it fear of loss?
Is it urgency?
Is it?
Oh, the Jones family has it.
And therefore you should get one too.
Which is the Jones effect?
Or is it indifferent?
So one way to do this is to throw in a little.
Teasers.
It's called teasers.
To find out which one has the most effect.
So if you're in a position where if you're interviewing for a very specialized role, then it's possible
that.
If not you, then no one else can do it.
Or there's so much competition.
For candidates that if.
If the company doesn't hire you, if the interviewer doesn't hire you, then it's going to take them
a lot of effort to find someone else.
And the cost of that will be more than they're willing to pay.
Then fear of loss is a big motivator, which means that if you're in a role where you're the only person
that can do the job or you're one of only a handful of people that can do the job, you can say that
if you don't hire me, then it's going to cost the company in terms of money and time and effort, which
they're not willing to trade off.
It's a bad trade off.
Then that's where fear of loss works.
Urgency works when you want to be hired.
Let's say a company wants to hire someone immediately.
Because of the workload and because they've already spent some time searching for the right candidate.
And it hasn't worked.
Now they find someone and that someone is you.
You're sitting in front of them and they need to act fast because you probably already have a couple
of job offers or things like that.
Then urgency works, so you can test out any of these methods.
All of them do during the same interview, and you can see which one has the most effect, but it takes
a lot of practice to be able to do that.
So your primary focus should be on building a good relationship, and your other focus should be on
associating you with a happy memory in the mind of the interviewer.
When you do those, you're practically guaranteed that even if they don't call you for that job, even
if you don't do great, you will be on their minds.
Should a future position open up now?
Coming back to Fuji, we covered fear of loss.
We covered urgency.
Next we're going to do Jones Effect.
Someone else has a superstar candidate and you are missing that person in your team and therefore you
need to hire me because I am the one that can step in, fill in that gap, and solve your problem for
you.
Indifference.
This indifference is effective when you really indifference is effective for the so called rocket scientist
people, the ones that really analyze data, the ones that are very rational minded.
That's when you can tell them that here are the facts.
This is why I am a good hire.
This is why I'm able to solve your problem in a way that no one else can.
Now, whether you hire me or not, it's your call.
I don't care one way or another.
Then that's indifference.
What that does is it tells the other person that you're not desperate.
You do not want to appear desperate in a job search or an interview.
You might be that different.
You don't want to project it to the interviewer.
And when you do that, then you're showing indifference, which kind of triggers the curiosity in the
mind of the interviewer and and ask them to dig deeper into your experience and see whether you're really
a good fit.
And quite often, fear of loss and indifference are big motivating factors, and they're also big factors
in creating long lasting relationships.
Because when when you approach something with indifference, then, then, then you're kind of working
towards a set to, to towards a logical conclusion and you work everything out in your mind.
So does the interviewer.
And when they're approaching it from a point, a standpoint of indifference, then they justify to themselves
that you're a good liar.
You're not the one justifying to them.
They are doing that in their own minds.
And once they do that, then there is no going back.
When it is far more powerful for you to allow the interviewer to make their own decision to come to
their own conclusion, because then you will have a very strong say going forward.
You don't want to be the one begging them to see your point.
You want to just show them the way and let them make their own decision?
I hope this was helpful.
And the next video will look at something called the Star Method.
And this is used for situational questions and I hope I'm able to add value as I have been so far.
And I look forward to the next video.
Thank you.